Shen Wuji, I remember the seventh rule of the Zhenbei Army
Those who transfer troops without authorization have to be whipped 300 times and then shot
kid
Swept the land in the garden of Beiying Town for three years
I know military law like the back of my hand
None of the four gods can limit me
You're the only one sweeping the floor.
What are you selling me for?
I advise you to get lost
Otherwise regret naturally
I don't know what you're crazy about
Where did such confidence come from?
You think you are the god of war
Dare to talk to me like that
Even if the God of War was gone three years ago
Now he is here
What can you do to me?
You are not afraid that the sky will fall.
I am God
Regret it, regret your arrogance and ignorance
Missed my deadline to forgive you
I just want to treat you like you and your uncle and aunt
Cousins move like that and just want to die
That's the look.
That's what your grandma looked like when she died
Your grandmother
I put her face
When stepping on this rose bush
I made a whip out of this barbed cane.
He was pumping her.
500 times that blood?
3 meters high
Finally he died
God is angry